From MSDN:
A string is an object of type String whose value is text. 
Internally, the text is stored as a sequential read-only collection of 
Char objects. There is no null-terminating character at the end of a C# 
string; therefore a C# string can contain any number of embedded null 
characters ('\0'). The Length property of a string represents the number 
of Char objects it contains, not the number of Unicode characters. 
To access the individual Unicode code points in a string, 
use the StringInfo object.

More Notable System.String Methods:

Compare(String, String) - Compares two specified String objects and returns an 
						integer that indicates their relative position in the sort order.

Concat(String, String) - Concatenates two specified instances of String.

Contains - Returns a value indicating whether the specified String object occurs within this string.

Copy -	Creates a new instance of String with the same value as a specified String.

Equals(String) - Determines whether this instance and another specified String object have the same value.

IndexOf(String)	- Reports the zero-based index of the first occurrence of the specified string in this instance.

Insert - Returns a new string in which a specified string is inserted at a specified index position in this instance.

Join(String, String[]) - Concatenates all the elements of a string array, using the specified separator between each element.

LastIndexOf(String)	- Reports the zero-based index position of the last occurrence of a specified string within this instance.

Replace(String, String)	Returns a new string in which all occurrences of a specified string in the current instance are replaced with another specified string.

Split(Char[])	Returns a string array that contains the substrings in this instance that are delimited by elements of a specified Unicode character array.

ToLower()	Returns a copy of this string converted to lowercase.

ToUpper()	Returns a copy of this string converted to uppercase.

Trim(Char[])	Removes all leading and trailing occurrences of a set of characters specified in an array from the current String object.